#summary SmartPhone Interface for MediaPortal  (SPiMP)

SPiMP is a web interface for !MediaPortal designed for use on smartphones.  SPiMP was originally written specifically for the iPhone however advances in the application framework it uses ([http://webapp-net.com WebApp.Net]) means that it works with any smartphone which runs a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_web_browsers#WebKit-based_browsers webkit based browser] such as Google's Nexus One and other Android based phones, Palm Pre and windows mobile devices running the [http://www.dorothybrowser.com/ Dorothy] browser.

SPiMP uses native !MediaPortal APIs to interface with both !MediaPortal TV Server and !MediaPortal clients.

You can use SPiMP to interact with your !MediaPortal TV Server allowing you to view and search your TV guide, read program details, schedule programs to be recorded and email program details.  You can also view, manage & watch your existing recordings. Watching live TV though is not possible yet but is under active development. There is a status facility allowing you to view the status of your TV service, disk capacity and tv card activity, you can also stop a card when timeshifting if you want to kick someone off.

You can also use SPiMP to interact with your !MediaPortal clients, you can use it as a remote control, browse/play your video, music and Moving Pictures databases on your !MediaPortal clients, you can list, create, save and play music playlists as well as view album or movie coverart. You can use SPiMP to send messages to popup on your !MediaPortal clients, view now playing information and startup/shutdown/reboot/standby/hibernate your clients. The client functionality will be extended to provide additional features for other !MediaPortal plugins.